---
title: Specifications
layout: post
author: Jeff Naemura
tags: [
    "specifications", "specs", "pdf", "web", "content management system", "cms", "adobe", "indesign"
]
---

[Product Specification Sample](images/XTP_SR_HD_4K_D2_120216.pdf)

## Summary

This example is a technical specification document provided online through the company website. The company provides the specifications in web or PDF format for each product. The specifications outlined the capabilities of the product as well as general operating and storage facts.

Specifically, the provided example is for a scaling receiver for the company’s XTP product line. It could also support the highest range of 4K video which the company wanted to promote.

The target audience included mostly planners assessing audio and video needs for large buildings or facilities. The planners were highly technical and could be internal or external to the company.

## Responsibilities

My responsibilities included creating the records for each row in the company CMS and ensuring they aligned with the system requirements. This process took great attention to detail as keys in the key-value pairs could not be removed once created without escalating the issue to IT. The CMS generated an InDesign file which I applied the department template to.

The InDesign template was created by the team supervisor, but the True4K section was standardized by another senior writer. However, I organized and standardized the rest of the content for the XTP family line.

## Tools Used

* Content management system (CMS)
* Adobe InDesign
