---
title: User Requirement Specifications
layout: post
author: Jeff Naemura
tags: [
    "urs", "user requirement specification", "requirements", "documentation", "microsoft", "word"
]
---

## Summary

The following excerpt is an example of a user requirement specification (URS) document I wrote on behalf of the Technical Support department. The project involved applying custom, client-side input validation to PDF versions of test procedure checklists written by internal technical support engineers in Microsoft Word.

Individual checklists were independently developed by different product-specific engineers with no standardization. The quantity of requested input and the level of detail required to satisfy each input was different for each checklist. Numerical limits were also variable.

The URS is an internal document, so the full version is not available publically. However, the excerpt demonstrates the depth of detail required of the writing. In particular, the excerpt focuses on input requirements for text fields. The document was also used in conjunction with a test protocol to verify the developers satisfied all requirements.

## Responsibilities

My responsibilities were to collect needs from the Technical Support department and identify gaps based on input validation best practices. I wrote the document, but the format is based on a company URS template.

## Target Audience

* Quality control personnel
* Technical writers

## Tools

Microsoft Word

## Sample

[User Requirement Specification Sample](../images/eSTP_URS.pdf)
