---
title: IFU
layout: post
author: Jeff Naemura
tags: [
    "IFU", "DFU", "instructions for use", "directions for use"
]
---

[IFU Sample](images/905-2040-002_E.pdf)

## Summary

This is an example of an IFU or DFU document (as defined by the FDA, EU, and IEC standards) for assisting ophthalmic surgical procedures. The company that was developing the device was bought by my employer and existing documentation needed to be drastically reworked and assimilated into our company standards. The document was printed in a 3-ring binder and supplied with the device.

The target audience for this document were external ophthalmic surgeons, their medical staff, and responsible organizations (for example, hospitals and their Facilities personnel or IT departments). These groups ranged from non-technical to technical.

## Responsibilities

My responsibilities were to collaborate with the remaining engineers, regulatory assurance personnel, and other SMEs from the original company to determine the scope and needed effort for the documentation project and then create and streamline content to meet Alcon and external regulatory standards (for example, FDA CFR, EU MDR, and IEC 60601-1 standards).

I used InDesign to create a template based on guidelines discussed with the other members of the Alcon Technical Publications team and laid out content in that application. I was also responsible for all screenshots and illustrations.

I was the only technical writer on the project and drove the project from company assimilation to release. I also submitted documents into the company product lifecycle management tool and drove the review and approval cycle until full approval. After that, I also coordinated with the print vendor to deliver finished printed copies and verify the quality.

## Tools Used

* Adobe Acrobat Pro
* Adobe Illustrator
* Adobe InDesign
* Adobe Photoshop
* PTC Windchill
